hey guys so this video is gonna be about
piercing aftercare and taking care of
your bellybutton piercing so I'm the
piercing place I got the sheet and it
kind of just talks about what you must
do to keep your bellybutton heals clean
everything so they brought down what
kind of pierced thing I got when I got
it done and how long it's gonna take to
you
so they also give me a list of places
that I can buy belly button rings from
that they recommend but I didn't get
mine there
alright so the first thing I got this
from my piercing place it's just
100% natural
sea salt spray which I like it it's easy
I just spray it on the end of a q-tip
and I like go here
I like go take my belly button and I
like go around it I like push it up
push it down make it up okay in there
with this and that works pretty well
oh one thing I need to mention when I
first got my belly button pierced I
literally was hyper vigilant about not
getting infected like I did not want
anything to happen to it so I washed it
like four times a day
and then that was probably like day two
that I was doing that and it hurts so
bad like it hurt more having me over
washing it than it did me getting it
pierced so ow don't over clean it
but you need to keep laying so then the
other thing I do is I do like sea salt
soaks so I just have like this sea salt
which is basically the same thing that's
the other thing except for you can
actually get a better so just have sea
salt and make sure it's non-iodized see
that
this is not and isn't that spy iodine
non-iodized sea salt and then what you
do is you take a cup or like a glass hey
this one typically it's not very cute my
mom likes it so I like poor maybe I got
a pinch in there that's kind of a lot
but I don't know if you can see
just like enough to cover the bottom and
then I put water in there to about here
yes and then I like stir it around and
make sure hands are clean always before
you clean it and then what you do once
you get the water in there is you kind
of get over it like this and then when
you go back like the water gets on end
you can let's push it around or what I
do is I like to lay down and have it
like Stoke on there for like ten minutes
or something about obvious make sure you
rinse it off because the salt like
chunks good like stuck in there not
gonna hurt a lot too
so also ours make sure you wash your
hands and that's pretty much all I do to
clean it but in the shower like all like
make sure cuz we can take our little
shower head off whatever and like hold
it over you so like hold it over that
spot and then I like look at it early
like I push it up and push it down and
like make sure all the water gets in
there and cleaned it out really well so
that's pretty much a hundred to take
care of my bellybutton it's like um
almost healed I saw a little bit left to
go so I pretty much don't clean it as
much as I did when I first started like
when I first started I cleaned it about
twice a day like once with the seesaw
once with the spray
and then like whatever is in the shower
I just rinsed it out so pretty much now
I rinse it out and then like clean it
once a day like mostly with those I
don't really do the Stokes anymore
unless I notice that like oh it needs it
um so that's pretty much all I do if you
guys have any other questions just let
me know and I'll try to accommodate you
thanks bye